In the billing system, the yearly package is not being calculated correctly and is not applying the benefits of the yearly package. Please analyze the yearly package logic, make the necessary modifications so that billing is calculated properly, and then create a new customer, assign a yearly package to them, and test the flow after the fix to ensure it works correctly.

17 minutes ago

Analyzed yearly package billing logic
I'll help you analyze and fix the yearly package billing logic. Let me start by searching for the relevant code to understand how yearly packages are currently implemented.


Searched for "How are yearly packages/memberships defined and stored in the database? Show me the YearlyMembership model and related tables."

Decided on yearly membership logic
Let me examine the specific yearly package logic in the billing code and the models:


Diagnosed billing logic error (4 seconds)
I found the issue! There's a critical bug in the yearly package billing logic. Let me create a task list to fix this properly and test it:


Decided on variable initialization fix
Now let me fix the billing logic bug:


Edited modules/billing/integrated_billing_views.py

Planned customer creation and assignment
Great! I've fixed the bug. Let me restart the workflow and then test it:


Restarted Start application

Decided on next steps
Now let me create a test customer and assign a yearly package. First, let me check what yearly packages exist:


Agent ran into an error

Examined database schema

Executed SQL query SELECT table_name FROM information_schema.tables WHERE table_schema = 'public' AND table_name LIKE '%member%' ORDER BY table_name;

Agent ran into an error

Pondered database choice (4 seconds)
I see the application is using SQLite. Let me check the logs and access the application through the UI:

Checked console and system logs

Planned SQLite query strategy
Let me create a Python script to interact with the SQLite database and set up the test data:


Created test_yearly_package.py

Ran script to set data
Now let me run this script to set up the test data:


Executed python test_yearly_package.py

Decided on ServicePackageAssignment fields
Let me check the ServicePackageAssignment model to see what fields it has:


Executed rg -A 50 'class ServicePackageAssignment' models.py

Corrected field name logic
I need to fix the script. Let me update it with the correct field names:


Edited test_yearly_package.py

Ran script to create test data
Now let me run the script again:


Executed python test_yearly_package.py

Planned invoice generation for discount
Excellent! Now let me update the task list and create a script to test the billing flow:


Planned invoice creation test script
Now let me create a test script to verify the billing flow works correctly with the yearly package:


Created test_billing_flow.py

Verified billing flow with fix
Now let me run the test to verify the billing logic works correctly:


Executed python test_billing_flow.py

Decided on billing logic approach
Excellent! The test passed successfully. Now let me clean up the test files and review my changes:


Executed rm test_yearly_package.py test_billing_flow.py

Reviewed yearly package billing logic

Decided on logging logic adjustment
Good catch by the architect! Let me improve the fix to handle the logging correctly:


Edited modules/billing/integrated_billing_views.py

Analyzed package result logging logic
Perfect! Now let me restart the application and have the architect review the improved fix:


Restarted Start application

Reviewed fix with architect

Reviewed yearly package billing logic fix

Decided on task completion status
Excellent! The architect has approved the fix. Let me check the logs to confirm everything is working properly and then complete the task:

Checked console and system logs

Decided on task completion status
Perfect! Now let me update the task list to mark all tasks as completed:

Ready to share? Publish this App in a few clicks.
Autoscale Deployment
Primary URL
spa-management-an-boged47627
.replit.app

Fix yearly billing issue with discount

Create new customer for tests

Give yearly package to customer

Check yearly package discount works

Summarized completed tasks
Perfect! I've successfully analyzed and fixed the yearly package billing issue. Here's a summary of what I did:

Issue Identified
The yearly package billing logic had a critical bug where when a yearly membership discount was applied, the code would fail because package_result was referenced in the logging section but was only initialized when checking for other package types.

Fix Applied
I modified the billing logic in modules/billing/integrated_billing_views.py to:

Properly handle yearly membership discounts - The yearly discount check now correctly applies the discount and increments the package deduction counter
Guard the package benefit checking - All package benefit processing and logging now only runs when a yearly discount hasn't already been applied
Prevent misleading logs - Added a default value for error messages to prevent any null reference issues
Testing Completed
I created and tested the fix with:

Test Customer: "Yearly Package Test Customer" (ID: 33)
Yearly Membership: "Gold Membership - 20% Discount" with 20% discount on all services
Test Results: Successfully verified that when a service (₹5.00) is billed to this customer, the 20% discount (₹1.00) is correctly applied, resulting in a final price of ₹4.00
How to Use
The yearly package discount now works automatically:

When creating an invoice for a customer with an active yearly membership
The system automatically detects the yearly membership
Applies the configured discount percentage to all services
Properly logs the discount application
Updates the package deduction counter
The application is running successfully and ready to use!