Skip to content
7 minutes ago
Update project documentation and remove outdated billing code
3 minutes of work
The proffesioanl packagemebat is not working

7 minutes ago
5 minutes ago
Add and import new package-related views for membership and prepaid options
1 minute of work
In integrad billing when I select the customer then pacakage has to show right ..but the now it is not showing even there is package are exuste

4 minutes ago
I'll investigate why packages aren't showing in the Integrated Billing when you select a customer. Let me check the logs and the code.

Checked console and system logs
I can see the issue! The logs show errors: 'ServicePackageAssignment' object has no attribute 'assigned_date'. This is causing the packages to not display even though they exist. Let me check the model and fix this:

Perfect! I found the issue. The model has a field called assigned_on but the code is trying to access assigned_date. Let me fix this:

Found it! Line 1555 uses assignment.assigned_date but the correct field is assigned_on. Also, I see assignment.package_id being used but the correct field is package_reference_id. Let me fix both issues:

Now let me check for other occurrences of package_id that should be package_reference_id:

I found more occurrences. Let me fix all the package_id references and the credit field:

Now let me fix the last occurrence in the package_info dictionary:

Perfect! I've fixed all the field name issues. Now let me restart the application to apply these changes:

Perfect! The application is running. I've fixed the issue with the packages not showing in Integrated Billing. The problem was:

Fixed Issues:
Field name mismatch: The code was trying to access assignment.assigned_date but the correct field is assignment.assigned_on
Package reference field: The code was using assignment.package_id but the correct field is assignment.package_reference_id
Credit field: Fixed assignment.amount_used to assignment.used_credit for prepaid packages
These errors were causing the package loading to fail silently and return empty results even though packages existed in the database.

Please test now: Go to Integrated Billing, select a customer that has packages assigned, and you should now see their packages displayed correctly with all the details (sessions, expiry dates, credits, etc.).

1 minute ago
Fix customer packages not displaying by correcting package references
2 minutes of work
Working.

Make, test, iterate…

Build
Git
Remote Updates
origin/GGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGG•upstream
3 commits to push
Commit
There are no changes to commit.
Preview
/integrated-billing

Agent
Agent can make changes, review its work, and debug itself automatically.
Loading... - Replit